---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: page
title: Home
---

# Who we are
The Working Group **VIDIT** brings together an international group of scholars who study variation in literary and historical documents. In particular, the working group addresses the challenge of using visualizations to represent textual differences and make the output of collation software more informative for a wider audience.

Check out the About-page for more background and information about our work and how you can join! 

# Latest news and updates

- The first subgroup meetings happened! On October 22 the "Best Practices for Tools"-subgroup met; a week later the "Shared Vocabulary"-subgroup meeting took place. On the agendas: a brief introduction into the Working Group and then a dive into the goals of the subgroup-in-question. We're happy to say that both meetings were well attended. If you like to know more, join the dedicated Discord channels for the minutes and a working plan.
- Next meetings are planned for **Friday, January 16 at 3pm CET** (Shared Vocabulary) and **Friday, January 23 2026 at 3pm CET** (Best Practices). An agenda as well as Zoom links to the video call will be shared in advance. We hope to see many of you there!
-  The organizers of the 2026 ESTS conference have kindly offered us a chance to get together during the conference and do some collaborative work. If the ESTS is your jam, do check out their [Call for Papers](ests2026.arfi.kul.pl) and submit a paper! If you cannot make it to Poland, no worries: we're planning for our meeting to be hybrid, so keep an eye out for the conference program.
- On September 17, we presented the Working Group at the 2025 [TEI Conference and Members Meeting](https://tei2025.confer.uj.edu.pl/en_GB/programme) in Krak√≥w, Poland.


# Get in touch!
Find us on our: 

- Discord channels:
	- [General](https://discord.gg/v3qzm52tWD) channel
	- Subgroup "[Best Practices for Tools](https://discord.gg/UzRE9ZJ583)" channel
	- Subgroup "[Shared Vocabulary](https://discord.gg/ugXtRvrqAk)" channel
- [Mailing list](https://framagroupes.org/sympa/info/vidit);
- [Email](mailto:wg-vidit@pm.me);
- [GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/wg-vidit);
- [Zotero](https://www.zotero.org/groups/5918162/visualisationtextvariation).
